the football association applied today for the
fc ostelbien dornburg from the
to exclude national sports federation only so
could the Kreisligist of the game operation
be excluded
most players are loud
constitutional protection to the extreme right
scene
Again and again they have referees
and teams attacked teams
refuse even against the fc
to compete
There are no scenes with football
do have
Brutal game extreme fouls and after
lost game fists ins
Face and even death threats against
referee stefan thole and andy
jericho were in this game against the
fc ostelbien dornburg doing the
The aggression they experience makes them
still stunned today
where the player when beaten
and our goalkeeper was attacked
both from spectators so from von
gamblers with was doing things the
really just the injury of
individual players should cause
are players of the fc ostelbien dornburg
for years also for other reasons
Some of them are known to belong to one
Violent hooligans connection
In addition, the majority is considered neo-Nazis
People who are xenophobic
are the racist slogans call the
hitler size
we think that at least 15
club members and the largest part
of it also player the right-wing extremism
are assigned
in the face of such violent outbreaks
Frustration and fear in the Kreisliga big
Meanwhile, almost all refuse
referee and several clubs against
the far-right players in the square
to go
the problems are also the
National football association long known
but that had no consequences so far
I have to decide this criticism
reject because until the beginning of the
year the check up and also the
observation at the fc from serbia no
have given signs for that
We should check it for exclusion
that's not true footballers say
want to remain anonymous
already five years ago they were
Associations about failures of players of the
been informed of the current fc homburg
at one game we were called
Jew pigs insulted us
said our village you want a kz
make similar and gas and us
burn
we have that at the end of 2010 on the
Lande Sport Court informed me
expect that actually before the beginning
the games will be back sometime in august
will start on 22
august an exclusion of the fc ostelbien
Domburg is done so that actually the
Kreisliga plants in the Jerichower Land
Without this football club will start tomorrow
the national football association wants to announce
whether he will initiate an exclusion
For this case, the FC Dorenburg
already legal steps announced
it could then be up to a game ban
probably take months